A painful and hard-working person
Although there are many such people
I think that I endured it well
Look into it with respect.
In any circumstance I believe in myself and follow me here
Please respect yourself with respect
Now I wake up in my heart ,
Come on.
And then he holds the child lightly.
And whisper in your heart this way
I have a lot of shortages
I understand myself
Fatigue has a lot of shortcomings
I accept myself
If you are reconciled to yourself on a young day
Imagine leaving now and returning to your place
If you hear the bell a moment later
Write eye-opener
Now take the deep breath he Awakening rested my easier everywhere once straight As
It said look you can see the base of the back three other people also looked back once more earlier
Does not it look a little different
How was your child type c5
Oh, each progenitor looks like even the nose And I think about those 2
The right to have their own life talking to a faster surface've spent all the time what's okay
I can hear you for a month on the block . Yes.
I fell childhood, while the buffer is so good that more true range
I've got to come up indeed so steadily
Ah really not that degree of stupidity and not Priest said the bubbly Lot
It's like 4 that he doedeo even better love my mom cry again
What yireona yoreotge Yes I hope so good to eat happy, rattling their
So I'm angry or when you return home when tired of my childhood
Because remember the look
Since then, he had time, I've been through so far, Put
I am blessing myself first, how long I have endured it.
In addition Oh, I should heal ourselves getting comfortable in relationships with others
I have.
Dr. Gruberbanks, an Urban botanist, who raised a cactus
Famous
Cactus Let's soksalyi quite Liyuan
That he that visible to the tempting taste of thorns to protect his own flesh
I do not want to hurt you as you draw one by one.
So you do not have to make thorns.
We're creating a thorn inside me for fear that the other party before coming to hurt me
Of thorns and put him in the thorn hit a bleeding wound each other
So, now that we have such wounds
What it is doing so while meditating on the usual fine was doing the statements go out
Oh, yes, it can.
So I now thank you for your mind once reset
So if you want to do three, you have to erase the many memories that are in me.
You are.
Due to no group geuljom memories of the past, we all need a huge pain
Without memories of the past, there is no real pain.
Usually the couple will fight back and pull the memories of the past. Yes.
Floating in the water when ever some one trillion floating me say right now what you're in any city
U
I'm going to ignore this fact that it gives me water .
Once upon a time,
Example 5